# Assignment 1
### Important notes
In case FileNotFoundError shows, please change the path to where files are located.
## Task 1
The main body of the task1.ipynb is two main algorithms (one template matching, the other kalman filter) and three evaluation methods. To avoid the conflict between the template matching and the kalman filter, please run these two algorithms **separately**. If you want to check the evaluation of one method of tracking, please run one method at first and then run the three evaluation methods.

The output of the evaluation methods has been written in `task1.ipynb`.

The visualization of the tracking methods has been written in the 'using Template Matching' and 'using Kalman Filter'. Thus, there is no 'Visualize the results as well' part.

If you want to check the algorithm in different 'seq_'. Please change the **flag** in each main algorithm.

The output of the algorithm are saved in **Task1_result_template** and **Task1_result_KF**.

## Task 2
There are three physical-based algorithms. All algorithms can run subsequently. If you want to run one algorithm at a time, please run the function *calculate_errors* at first to calculate the errors of the algorithm. If you want to change the prediction horizon, please change the number in the algorithm.
The Result has been written in `task2.ipynb`.
## Bonus Task
All the bonus tasks are included in the ROS workspace called bonus_task. There is a ROS package called **perception** in the workspace, which in the Bonus Task fileholder. `Bonus.py` and all necessary files are put in this package. There are three rosbags generated by this package, which are **tracked_object_topic**, **ground_truth_topic**, and **matric_number**. Due to two rosbags wanted to be tracked, the output rosbags are separated into two folders. The output of seq_1 are put in **output_1** and the output of seq_2 are put in **output_2**. You can use `rosbag info` to check the details of the rosbags. And use `rosbag play xxx` with `rostopic echo /xxx` to see the results.

The result of the Kalman filter is shown by `cv2.inshow` in the algorithm.
